GPlusX
======

This is a library with an API for quickly and robustly writing extensions for
the fickle Google+ web pages.

## Organization

As part of the installation, this API also requires the inclusion of
[WebXDK](https://github.com/huyz/webxdk), the Web Extension Development Kit.

Essentially, you have 2 levels of inclusion:

1. Your extension includes this GPlusX API, which is a library offering
   functionality specifically for Google+.

2. The GPlusX API includes the WebXDK, which is a library offering
   functionality for all types of web applications.

## To use this library

### a) Either download as an archive

1.  Go to [Downloads](https://github.com/huyz/gplusx/archives/master) and
   download the latest.

2.  Extract into your extension's root directory.

### b) Or download latest copy via github

1.  Go to your extension's root directory.

2.  Depending on whether you're using Git for your own extension:

    a.  If your extension is not a Git repo, clone the Git repository

            git clone git@github.com:huyz/webxdk.git

    b.  If your extension is in a Git repo, add as a submodule to your repository:

            git submodule add git@github.com:huyz/webxdk.git

### Setup

3. Add needed files to your list of content\_scripts in your extension's
   `manifest.json`. For example:

    ```
      "content_scripts": [
        {
          "matches" : ["http://plus.google.com/*", "https://plus.google.com/*"],
          "js": [
            "gplusx/webxdk/jquery.js",
            "gplusx/gplusx.js",
            "gplusx/gplusx-rules.js",
            "YOUR_OWN_CONTENT_SCRIPT.js"],
          "run_at": "document_start"
        } 
      ],
    ```

## To contribute to this library

### Fork this project

Go to Github, fork this project, and clone it to your local machine, replacing
whatever copy you may already have.

### Install CoffeeScript

Mapping rules are written in
[CoffeeScript](http://jashkenas.github.com/coffee-script)
for its conciseness. To add or modify rules, you'll need to install the CoffeeScript compiler.

### Add/edit rules

Go to the wiki to learn how to
[add mapping rules to GPlusX](https://github.com/huyz/gplusx/wiki/How-to-add-mapping-rules-to-GPlusX).

Whenever you make changes to `gplusx-rules.coffee`, run `make`.

### Contribute rules to the main project

Request pulls back into the upstream repository.  Your contributions are much
appreciated.

## TODO

- Right now, only Chrome is supported.  Porting to other browsers is planned.

- Right now, requires jQuery.  To be universal and lightweight, the SDK needs
  to be weaned off jQuery.
